Numerous Messianic prophecies were fulfilled in Jesus, including prophecies about his birth.
And your wife Elizabeth will bear you as son.
And you are to name him, John.
How is this to be since I am not having sexual relations with the man?
Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the most high will overshadow you.
And for that reason, the one who is born will be called holy.
God's Son.
Joseph also went up from Galilee, from the city of Nazareth, into Judea,
to David's city, which is called Bethlehem.
Jehovah's Angel appeared to Joseph in a dream.
Get up, take the young child and his mother, and flee to Egypt and stay there until I give you word.
For Herod is about to search for the young child, to kill him.
So Joseph got up and by night took along the young child and the child's mother and went into Egypt.
And he came and settled in a city named Nazareth, in order to fulfill what was spoken through the prophets.
He will be called a Nazari.
The true light that gives light to every sort of man was about to come into the world.
These are just a few examples of dozens of Messianic prophecies.
The fulfillment of multiple prophecies reveals who the promised Messiah is.